Welcome back Web sites have become more and more complicated.
They're no longer just links and ASTM pages.
You can interact with them.
You can play games can have amazing interactions as we know.
This is all powered by javascript.
What does this mean.
It means that our javascript files have grown significantly over time.
With bigger javascript files we had bigger problems maintainability readability bug detection.
So how do we manage this with bigger Tepes and more important applications.
Think of Amazon for example they need a system that works and doesn't create bugs.
They have thousands of developers massive code base well frameworks and libraries solve these problems
for us and problems for Amazon tools like react in redox which our libraries allow us to fix many things
such as writing code that is more maintainable writing code that is more readable and writing code that
creates less bugs.
And in this section we're going to start off with an optional reac section in case you are familiar
with it.
I'll show you how to build the robot friends up and from there we're going to go into the exciting topic
of redox which I really really like and why it's such a useful tool.
And then finally we're going to talk a little bit about what pack and bundling which makes developers
Life's easier.
Well finish off by giving our work to Brunow so that he's even more impressed with us now.
By the end of this section you're going to feel very comfortable with something called State Management
what it is and what it does and how to implement it.
I know I keep saying this and I may be biased but is going to be a lot of fun.
So let's get started and I'll see you in the next video.
Play.